Leverage inventory control stream for instance version metrics (#16518)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/metrics.mdx

| `s3_requests_seconds` | histogram | Amazon S3 | Request latency for the S3 API. |
| `teleport_audit_emit_events` | counter | Teleport Audit Log | Number of audit events emitted. |
| `teleport_connected_resources` | gauge | Teleport Auth | Number and type of resources connected via keepalives. |

> | `teleport_registered_servers` | gauge | Teleport Auth | The number of Teleport services that are connected to an auth server by version. |

Reviewer: Grouped by version?

> | `teleport_registered_servers` | gauge | Teleport Auth | The number of Teleport services that are connected to an auth server grouped by version. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `teleport_registered_servers` | gauge | Teleport Auth | The number of Teleport services that are connected to an Auth Service instance, grouped by version. |
```
So we use terms consistently throughout the docs
